gh-105960: Prevent stack overflows when using itertools.chain.from_iterable (#105962)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-06-21-12-00-15.gh-issue-105960.yGe5OF.rst

> Fix a bug with :func:`itertools.chain.from_iterable` that can caused it to

Reviewer: Tense and grammar fix.
```suggestion
Fix a bug with :func:`itertools.chain.from_iterable` that can cause a
```
